Hey, guys, what's up?
This is a marathon, and I welcome you to an editorial on this course on Ruby.
And in this tutorial we are going to cover nested modules so modules can be nested.
Many packages create a single outermost module or a class to provide a namespace for their functionality.
And if you talk about the syntax for implementing nested modules in Ruby, it is very simple.
You have to just write in module, you have to write in the name of the output module and then taking
care of the identity and just writing the module, which is a key word again, and then write in the
name of the inner module and the inner module first and then the outer module.
Now you can also define the inner module using the double calling operator that provides the outer module
authors that are already defined.
So the syntax for that is going to be very simple as well.
That is going to be module needed right in the name of the module, double golon, right in the name
of the module, double Colin and writing grandchild and finally ended.
Now you have to know the O'Haire that this will erase a name error if Outr and the outer cholent inner
are not already defined.
So these are basically the Doose indexes using which you can have nested modules in Ruby.
So let me give you a quick example of how that is going to be done.
Is on to Atom.
So you can write in module, let's say, and write inside that you are going to write in Module B and
write inside.
You can just have any kind of function.
Let's say you want to create a function that is in a function inside the inner module.
So in that function, you are going to simply put.
In our module.
Function, yes, and this and this module and this function and this module over here as well and in
this module will create one more function.
Let's say outroar is the name of that function and that function.
You are going to just write inputs.
Outr Modu.
Function just and this and that is going to just do your job now, module B is basically the grandchild
of this module.
Now you can do this very same thing using much more simple syntax.
You can just write in module name of the output module, which is in this case column, right.
In the name of the outer module that is sorry, the inner module that is B in this case, double column
and just write and.
Grandchild, and that is going to tell DeLay the editorial that B is a grandchild, or in other words,
B is the model, and this ÁLFHEIÐUR here is the ultimate.
You just ride in and out here and that is going to do your job around this good.
And you can see that it has run perfectly now to access them as described at last.
Let's say the name of the class is Class X. Don't need any kind of spaces or hill.
All right, so let's say you have this Class X and in this Class X, what are you going to do is that
you are going to have to include all the modules.
So you're going to use Frid and include A and you're going to write include Bohle.
And this close to a hill and down there, you are going to create an object for this class, so you're
going to ride and start new.
And now using this extraordinary, what you can do is that you can just ride in.
And why don't you know?
And you can just write in Wyandotte.
Outdoor round is good, and you can see that it says in a dual function and automotive function.
So this is all basically you can just implement something that is known as this concept of here.
As you can see that it is the inner module, yet it has been red when we just tried it include Blackhill.
So that's how you can implement nested modules in Ruby.
Now, you must be thinking that what is the purpose of this when we have to ride and board the include
functions that will help the reason behind this concept?
Well, here that is the concept of modular nested modules is that, for example, let's suppose that
you have a school module in which you want to add more things.
So let's say to organize your code much more.
Let's say you have a function of student, you have a functional teacher.
Then you can all add that in a module, which is going to be a part of a single module that is going
to be modular.
So in that way, your code is going to get much more organized.
So I hope it is clear.
So I guess that's it with this tutorial as well.
Thank you so much, guys, for watching.
And I'll see you guys in the next Dorio.